ytb see this is your boy coach Sheldon
Harrison and right now I am standing
outside of our him and boxing guys and I
I'm approaching the office of one al
Haymon and I'm gonna go up there quality
Gaza I'm going quietly because in the
office there's Adrien Broner Adrien
broner's sitting in the office and I
tell y'all we're right now man who the
conversation is getting heated an agent
is about to take a seat okay hi I'm
pulling right up beside the office okay
I guess hi I just listen Adrian Adrian
Adrian agent hey man how you doing
listen take a seat and I want to discuss
a couple of things with you man and uh
just won't take long um um well let me
tell you something al Haymon I'm gonna
sit my ass down agent that's probably
the last thing for you to do right now
at this point in your career Adrian how
can I come how can I put this to you
okay I just want to put this to you very
mildly um you're embarrassing me you're
embarrassed employed you're embarrassing
your mom you're embarrassing your daddy
you're embarrassing Michael Stafford
hell you embarrassing y'all self vedran
and right now man um you're just not the
look that I need for boxing okay and I
want to channa eliminate you all
together um um you want to eliminate a
be always ballin always beastin about as
Beaton's I'm the can man anybody can get
it Africans Mexicans I just got the hell
beat out of me by a black man anybody
can get it you see Adrian this is what
I'm talking about and this is what I
can't
get you to understand you see right now
Adrian you're pissing me off you're
pissing me off and the only thing left
to do is to completely to completely
eliminate you from the sport of boxing
umm umm al it um seems like that uh you
know man you getting a little bit hot
under the collar I'll I mean man I maybe
I maybe whoa whoa ow what the hell is
that thing coming up at the top of your
head man well what does that matter um
um what's all this damn smoke out am I
won't even smoke man I won't smoke menu
smoking cigarettes it goes where is all
the smoke coming from you see Adrian ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha that's
what you don't understand adrian is what
you don't understand you see I own you
you sold your soul to me and now it's
time to take you out of the game they
won't be seeing a be anymore they won't
be seeing a be anymore I'm getting you
to heal out of your a B and that's just
how it is hahahahaha oh hell The Doors a
lot the doors a lot
ah
don't take backups you say oh yeah ready
his punk ass now we're gonna conduct a
little bit more business right I was
sick of him embarrassing the hell out of
me not here would you baby to hell with
you YTP see what the hell just happened
Adrien Broner punk-ass just just got he
got evaporated he got evaporated this
dude got evaporated right where he stood
I all him and set him on fire I gotta
get the hell out of here YTP see I'm
done I'm gonna try to sneak out of here
I don't want al Haymon noticing me this
is your pork Oh Sheldon Harrison I'm
done and why GBC this is just a joke i'm
playing around i don't think al Haymon
is a devil okay don't be butthurt and
simps don't flip my inbox this is your
boy coach Sheldon Harrison I'm done